annot: Cook pancetta in a pan with oil
ACTID: 0
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] pancetta (-1)
[PP, food, in] a pan with oil (-1)
annot: Melt butter in a pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: melt
[DOBJ, food] butter (-1)
[PP, food, in] a pan (-1)
annot: mix the flour with the butter
ACTID: 2
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the flour (-1)
[PP, food, with] the butter (1)
annot: Stir milk into the rue
ACTID: 3
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] milk (-1)
[PP, food, into] the rue (2)
annot: Add pepper, salt, and cheese to the sauce
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] pepper (-1), salt (-1), cheese (-1)
[PP, food, to] the sauce (3)
annot: mix
ACTID: 5
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (4)
annot: Add the pasta, pancetta, and sauce to a pot
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the pasta (-1), pancetta (0), sauce (5)
[PP, location, to] a pot (-1)
annot: stir
ACTID: 7
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (6)
annot: Pour the pasta into a dish
ACTID: 8
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the pasta (7)
[PP, location, into] a dish (-1)
annot: Add breadcrumbs and parmesan on top
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] breadcrumbs (-1), parmesan (-1)
[PP, food, on] top (8)
annot: drizzle oil on top
ACTID: 10
PRED: drizzle
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, food, on] top (9)
annot: bake in the oven
ACTID: 11
PRED: bake
[DOBJ, food] (10)
[PP, location, in] the oven (-1)